don't you ever
besmirch billy
[Music]
i can't stop i can't stop i can't i
guess
robin
i am starlight i'm 110 pounds and i'm
five foot six
turn around please
[Music]
i am so sorry are you all right
i mean why would you get into this
business if not to save the world
that's all i have ever wanted
i got it you got it
are all these people here for me oh
honey
who else would they be here for
including the jewel
in vos crown the greatest superhero team
the world's ever seen we are bought
please welcome starlight
you don't sound like a fed well i can't
emigrate lose hundreds of people each
year
see collateral damage this is the only
place where the soups can scratch that
filthy little edge without the paps
taking snaps
i ran so fast through this [ __ ] that
had swallowed one of her molars
like a bug on the [ __ ] freeway you're
laughing
what can i do to help here's what you do
ringboard tell them you take the money
sign the nda but only
if they change their in person when you
if i could just get
an apology face to face that would be
fantastic
[Music]
and they'll take you into the second
tower through security
they appreciate the apology and then
you're going to plant a bug
a bug a bug and want a little listen
[Music]
see what's really going on
you think i wouldn't find this thing
earth's most mighty champions of the
innocent
[ __ ]
who are you [ __ ] spy
for who huh
carbon highly conductive
saw it on uh jimmy fallon
let's translucent you got three
centigrade
where am i oh morning sunshine
you know who i am [ __ ] amateurs
you got a crush on me remember that
gives you no right
zero right to do what you do you
pathetic [ __ ] hey
you shut your [ __ ] you ever touch me
again
i will burn your eyes out miss stillwell
senator tomorrow morning no one's
putting soups
into national defense my heroes are the
most loyal
patriotic unless you did they're your
heroes
these are fake i'm sorry they're
authentic
i should know i was there
you shiver when you orgasm sir even if i
get the bill out of committee
nobody's gonna vote for it on the floor
no one wants your [ __ ] supes in the
army
this is just your shell that is out
there like a turtle
but your insides they're like the rest
of ours
what did you do to me he stuck a lump of
plastic
up your butt uh i'll tell you about a
train that's what the kid wants right
okay but i know where he's coming from
what where pop close
it's homelander oh my just here
oh [ __ ] oh [ __ ]
sorry i need to see some id
get the [ __ ] back in that cage
everything alright so
[Music]
oh hell no because we
just dusted a soup [ __ ]
translucent spilled the beans in a big
way now we play this right we could
shake up the whole hornet's nest
bring down seven and vault at the same
time this is about becca isn't it
it's always about back of it she's home
that's popcorn right adrian's girlfriend
what if i lose
you're not gonna lose you're the fastest
man alive
if i don't win i'm out nobody wants the
second fastest man
in the seven compound v where'd you put
it
oh you sure babe i mean that stuff
yep so you have something fierce you ran
through a girl baby
it's not what i would call control on
that shit's a slippery slope
what the hell is compound v sounds like
some kind of performance enhancer
steroids for soups yeah well whatever it
was he was juiced on it when he murdered
rob
this is the race of the century
remember when we used to just fly off to
paris like on a whim
i remember freezing my ass why do we
have a breakout
mind if we not crack open that tawdry
little chapter
annie amy annie hi excuse me
you all right huh yeah yeah yeah yeah
i'm good i'm good i'm good
he's totally jacked he must have shot up
the
[Applause]
you let that guy die
you didn't do anything wrong he was dead
already
we're going to help you sort out this
little mess then all you got to do
is tell us everything you know about
this
jesus christ is that translucent i still
think we got nothing to worry about
whoever it was they just declared war
come on
take a look
they seven minutes ago trans oceanic
flight 37
from paris to chicago was hijacked
mid-air you bring those passengers back
alive
not one congressman will have the balls
to vote against our bill
who did you tell about compound b
nobody i'm gonna take care of this but
until i do i gotta get you somewhere
safe before homelander finds
it's all safe you're all going to be
fine
[Applause]
there you go just relax
you got to go out there lift the plane
up lift the plane
how there's nothing to stand on it's
[ __ ] air i don't know
no what so they could tell the world
that we left the rest of them to [ __ ]
die
don't die with them
let's go frenchy forget it man she's
[ __ ]
over here
he came to wash up on shore every
passenger on board
presumed dead said they didn't have to
die
we arrived three minutes after the plane
went down
but if they let us into the military
then this will never happen again
[Music]
you have to complain with me like i have
to know who you told about compounds
guys you were running the v down near
the noodle palace
well heroin overdose
huey right
your starlight's friend he got you in
here
you [ __ ] me what
you coming here you try to talk to
the video i have a video i have this
video
of the three of us what do you want you
want a little bit of money
are you here for money you ship boxes
label this polio vaccine but they're not
really polio vaccine are they
they're compounded so what they do is
they take boxes full of that stuff
and they ship it to hospitals all across
the country and apparently the latest
one
is going to the nicu at mercer hospital
i'm burned what
[ __ ] up frenchy how i don't know
oh my god
jesus my girlfriend died
what happened not too long ago and i
came here looking for a way to get out
of the [ __ ] that i'm in right now
all right
[Music]
has been shipping compound v to 53
hospitals across the country
since 1971. so no hero was born
none of them we got vote for child
endangerment drug trafficking
and possibly the largest fraud in
american [ __ ] history
then i think we may need to reconsider
your position in the seven
and i think that firing an employee
after she reported sexual assault on
live tv
might tank your stock price my wife
becker
homeland director not long after that
she came sat right here
that was eight years ago
and nobody seen a sense either homeland
that killed her
or she killed herself make a public
apology
and you're going to be taking a
sabbatical from the seven
she's a soldier
there's a flag with a two-headed snake
on it you're dating a terrorist
wait why would vac give compound v to
terrorists because the only thing more
dangerous than the terrorists
is a soup terrorist and the only way to
fight it the [ __ ] are creating super
villains
and maybe there's more of them god knows
how many
it killed her parents they kidnapped her
and her brother
she just wants to go back and get her
brother out of there
her name is camiko a train said that you
have some information
skinny white guy british guy boy
gorgeous merry christmas
becca new senior director
you would you take over vat's twitter
account
your brilliant wife here did all the
work
also one of the guys who killed
translucent wait
what i mean the seven is down by two and
then it all started when you came along
say hi baby boy dad oh hey hey hey hugh
why is he here he says you're in some
kind of
kid let him go my place is burned they
got me
you really did come alone i don't know
what that [ __ ] is
no you don't so you don't mind if i do
this
yo what [ __ ] go
made a mistake the [ __ ] that you did was
on purpose
so who's worse it was a few days after
you met homelander at that christmas
party
she was alone with him for three hours
not long after that rebecca went missing
and has remained so ever since
my name is mallory
i'm the person who can get you payback
you want to know about rebecca butcher
you went to stillwell about her because
you knew that'd tip over the first
domino
well it led to me eight years ago
stillwell called me with quite an
interesting challenge
she was pregnant with your child
we told her we'd deliver the baby safely
in a secure location
but she had to sign an nda couldn't tell
anyone
she died on the tables drowned in its
mother's blood
you should have been raised in a home
with a family who loved you
not in a cold lab with doctors i'm the
world's greatest
superhero you're my greatest failure
and then deputy director your family's
gonna be okay you have my word
no homeland no homelander we had a deal
everyone else is fair game
hey freeze [ __ ]
we believe it's his super name
they have a suit terrorist captain
i found this
but they've counterfeited this compound
v
[ __ ] of yours matters is they've got it
and there is only one company that has
the product
to fight back look at humankind
run
a suit terrorist showing up exactly
when we needed him to was pretty [ __ ]
incredible coincidence i made him
breaking into my home and threatening my
child is gonna get you homelander
always yes i'll be searching for her
gun's weakness
you're his weakness
knees [ __ ] face the wall
[Music]
ah
i think he's having a heart attack huey
go or else you'll get caught will you
please
take the baby upstairs oh because of
your lovely
wife no more lies you [ __ ] promised
me
what instead i'm scared
of of you
you can thank me for uh saving you some
time later but for now
you know who else rebecca i'm your
father
we are a family
you